
DASSAULT SYSTEMES 
OFFERING SPECIFIC TERMS (OST) FOR 

SIMULIA® Abaqus® Release 2018 

LICENSED PROGRAMS 
 
 
This OST (Offering Specific Terms) and the terms incorporated herein by reference (including terms referenced on a website) are an integral part of the license and online services agreement between DS and Customer (“Agreement”), which refers to this OST. In the event of a discrepancy, inconsistency or contradiction between this OST and the other terms of the Agreement, the provisions of this OST shall prevail, but only with respect to the Licensed Programs to which this OST applies. Customer acknowledges that it has full knowledge of all the terms of this OST and those incorporated herein by reference. 

 
 
1. PRICING STRUCTURES 


 
Licenses and Support Services for the Licensed Programs to which this OST applies are granted according to the pricing structures mentioned in the related Transaction Document. Standard pricing structures are defined in the section “DEFINITIONS” of this OST, even though those pricing structures may not be applicable to the DS Offerings to which this OST applies. Other pricing structures may be made available on a case by case basis. 
 
 
2. LICENSING SCHEMES AND GEOGRAPHIC SCOPE 


 
2.1 GENERAL RULES 



 
Licenses for the Licensed Programs to which this OST applies may be granted according to one of the following licensing schemes (specifying the authorized use), as specified in the Product Portfolio if available, and as determined in the applicable Transaction Document: 
 
. Concurrent (or Floating) Based 

. System License 

. Token Based 


 
Licensed Programs may be accessed and executed by Users whose usual workplace is at the same facility as the License Server(s) (1) on the License Server(s) itself/themselves, and (2) on other Machines that are networked to the License Server(s) at the same site as the License Server(s) or are located in the same country as the License Server, as identified in the Transaction Document. Within the parameters of the Transaction Document, subject to the restrictions described in this OST, Customer may from time to time designate the License Server(s) for which license keys shall be provided and from which tokens shall be available to other Machine(s). Customer shall promptly provide DS with usage reports when requested. 
 
It is agreed that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided in the Documentation, software components packaged and delivered by DS as part of a given DS Offering: 
. shall solely be used together and as part of such DS Offering and 

. shall not be used standalone and/or for other purposes than the ones for which such DS Offering has been marketed and granted to Customer by DS. 


 
If a patent invention is incorporated in the DS Offerings for which a right to use or access is granted pursuant to the Agreement, DS hereby grants Customer a non-exclusive license on the applicable patent limited to the use of such DS Offering. 
 
2.2 SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR CERTAIN DS OFFERINGS 



 
Number of tokens: For analysis jobs, the number of required tokens is determined by the type of analysis being performed and the number of processor cores used in running the analysis job. For execution of simulation workflows, the number of required tokens is determined by the number and type of components in the simulation workflow and the number of processor cores used in running the simulation workflow. In case of a new license or a renewal of any license of a Licensed Program, the required number of tokens may be changed in the event of modifications to such Licensed Program. Customer will receive a license key for each License Server which will permit access to the Licensed Programs. License keys include the agreed number and type of tokens for the Licensed Programs. The Licensed Programs, 
license tokens and applicable fees are specified in the Transaction Document. For SIMULIA Abaqus models, the number of jobs in the DS Offering name is equivalent to the number of concurrent licenses. 
 
Additional information for Concurrent Based license: Each Licensed Program in Concurrent Based mode requires a unique license feature for each concurrent use of the Licensed Programs. Customer will receive a license key for each License Server which will permit access to the Licensed Programs. 
 
Academic Use licenses for Licensed Program in the SIMULIA Academic Teaching Suite (5TP-Q9T) Release 2018 may be used only for teaching and not for any research purposes. 
 
Licensed Programs SIMULIA Academic Research Execute Tokens (5TP-QXT-1EDU and 5TP-QXT-2EDU) are exclusively authorized when using the Licensed Program SIMULIA Academic Research Suite (5TP-QRX). Licensed Program SIMULIA Academic Teaching Execute Tokens (5TP-QTT) is exclusively authorized when using the Licensed Program SIMULIA Academic Teaching Suite (5TP-Q9T). 
 
 
3. OTHER PERMITTED USES FOR DS OFFERINGS 


 
USE FOR CERTAIN SERVICES. Except for Development Tool Kits, Customer is authorized to use the Licensed Programs for added-value engineering or implementation services. Added-value engineering or implementation services are services to deliver to a third party end user any deliverable generated specifically for said third party end user from use by Customer of the Licensed Programs. In any event, Customer may not (1) use the Licensed Programs to develop software code for (i) general distribution by any means, and whether alone or bundled or delivered with any product, data, information, software, or other element, or (ii) any services that do not add value attributable to the intervention of specific human skills, such as, without limitation, in a data services operation or as an application service provider, or (2) install and/or operate and/or give access to the Licensed Programs on any hardware and/or software environment owned by or under control of any third party unless otherwise expressly authorized in the Agreement, or (3) represent or imply to any party that it is an authorized or certified provider of services for DS. Customer shall indemnify and defend DS against any claim, expense, judgment, damage or loss (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) which arises out of or in any way relates to Customer’s use of the Licensed Programs with third party end users. 
 
 
4. SPECIFIC TERMS FOR THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE 


 
The specific terms relating to the use of certain third party software components or products not developed by or for a DS Group Company and granted to Customer to be used in connection with or within a DS Offering are defined hereafter: 
 
4.1 OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE 



 
The Licensed Programs may include open source software components. Whenever notices (such as acknowledgment, copies of licenses or attribution notice) are required by the original licensor, such notices are included in the Documentation or Program Directory (PDir) of the Licensed Programs. 
 
Moreover, some components may not be distributed and licensed under the terms of the Agreement but under the terms of their original licenses as set forth in the Documentation or Program Directory (PDir) of the Licensed Programs themselves. Source code for these components is available upon request. 
 
Except for components mentioned in the section “EXCLUSIONS” below, the warranty, indemnification and Support Services provided by DS under the Agreement apply to all such open source software components and shall be provided by DS and not by the original licensor, but only for the use of the Licensed Programs that is in compliance with the terms of the Agreement, and in conjunction with the Licensed Programs. The original licensors of said open source software components provide them on an “as is” basis and without any liability whatsoever to Customer. 
 
4.2 ADDITIONAL THIRD PARTY SOFTWARE TERMS 



 
The following terms apply in addition to the Agreement: 
 
NONE 
 
 
 
 
4.3 EXCLUSIONS 



 
The warranty, indemnification and Support Services provided by DS under the Agreement are not applicable to third party software components listed hereunder:  
 
The IBM MPI Community Edition component is not licensed under the terms of the Agreement but under the terms of the IBM International License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs. 
 
 
5. DEFINITIONS  


 
The following definitions are supplementary to the section “Definitions” of the Agreement. 
 
Configuration or Package means a standard set of DS Offerings which are bundled together. The DS Offerings composing such Configuration or Package shall only be operated together. 
 
Development Tool Kit means a DS Offering specifically designed for application or content development. A Development Tool Kit is either identified (i) with “CAA” or “ENOVIA Studio” in the DS Offering name, or (ii) in the Transaction Document and/or the Product Portfolio. 
 
Extended Enterprise User means an employee of Customer’s affiliate(s), supplier(s) and/or customer(s) authorized to use Customer’s DS Offering for the sole and exclusive purpose of enabling the Extended Enterprise User(s) to conduct business with Customer. The use of the DS Offering by any such Extended Enterprise User(s) (1) shall be solely limited to use (a) as configured and deployed by Customer and (b) in connection with the Extended Enterprise User’s performance of services for and on behalf of Customer, and (2) shall exclude any use by Extended Enterprise User (a) for its own account or a third party’s account, or (b) for the purpose of modifying, otherwise using, maintaining or hosting the DS Offering. Extended Enterprise Users are authorized if so specified in the Product Portfolio. 
 
License Server means the Machine for which license keys are authenticated, and from which tokens shall be available to other Machines, if applicable. 
 
Machine means a computer equipment on which a Licensed Program is executed (1) (a) belonging to Customer or under its sole control or supervision and (b) located on Customer’s premises (provided when applicable that Users and Extended Enterprise Users, as applicable, may occasionally use laptop computers outside Customer’s premises) or (2) operated by a third party service provider as specifically authorized in the Agreement solely for and on behalf of Customer, in the same country. 
 
Product Portfolio means a set of information related to the DS Offerings available at http://www.3ds.com/terms/product-portfolio . 
 
Remote Access means, if so specified in the Product Portfolio, that Users and/or Extended Enterprise Users may access and use the DS Offering remotely via the Internet from any country (subject inter alia to the export and re-export laws and regulations provisions of the Agreement). 
 
User means any (a) Customer’s employee, or (b) employee of Customer’s consultant(s) or subcontractor(s) (i) who accesses a DS Offering, (ii) who works for the exclusive internal needs of Customer and (iii) whose usual workplace is located within Customer’s premises. For Academic Use of DS Offering, User means (i) any individual who works for Customer and is dedicated either to education or research or (ii) any individual regularly enrolled as a bona fide student in Customer’s academic program. 
 
 
PRICING STRUCTURES 
 
ALC means Annual License Charge which is a yearly charge. For the first year of each license of each DS Offering, ALC is due together with the PLC or TBL, as applicable. Payment of the ALC for a DS Offering entitles Customer to i) Support Services for the DS Offering for one (1) year and ii) a license (subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement) to use the Release(s) of such DS Offering made available by DS during such year, in lieu of the license(s) on the previous Release(s) of the DS Offering delivered to Customer. The applicable price for the ALC for any given year is the price of the previous year plus the last percentage of increase applicable to the license of a DS Offering in a given country, as published at http://www.3ds.com/terms/price at least ninety (90) days before renewal date. However, such increase shall not exceed the increase which would have resulted from the revision of the price of the ALC according to the applicable price index since the date of the last price increase published by DS at http://www.3ds.com/terms/price for the related DS Offering. 
 
PLC means Primary License Charge applicable to each license of a DS Offering ordered under the PLC/ALC pricing structure. The PLC is a one-time and non-refundable charge. Payment of the PLC for a DS Offering provides Customer with a perpetual license (subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement) to use the Release of such DS Offering made available by DS on the Effective Date of the license. 
QLC means the Quarterly License Charge for use of a DS Offering, subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement. Payment of the QLC for a DS Offering entitles Customer to i) a three (3) months license to use the Release of a DS Offering and its subsequent Release(s), if any, as made available by DS during such quarter, in lieu of the license(s) on the previous Release(s) of such DS Offering, and ii) Support Services for the DS Offering for such three (3) months period. QLC is not automatically renewable. Termination of Support Services is not permitted without terminating the license of the DS Offering. 
 
TBL means Term Based License charge applicable to each license of a DS Offering ordered under the TBL/ALC pricing structure. The TBL is a one-time and non-refundable charge. Payment of the TBL for a DS Offering provides Customer with a license for a period as described in the Product Portfolio and in the Transaction Document (subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement) to use the Release of such DS Offering made available by DS on the Effective Date of the license. “TBLx” is a TBL for a period of “x” years. As an example, “TBL2” is a TBL for a period of two (2) years. TBL is not automatically renewable. 
 
YLC means the Yearly License Charge for use of a DS Offering, subject to the conditions set forth in the Agreement. Payment of the YLC for a DS Offering entitles Customer to i) a one (1) year license to use the Release of a DS Offering and its subsequent Release(s), if any, as made available by DS during such year, in lieu of the license(s) on the previous Release(s) of such DS Offering, and ii) Support Services for the DS Offering for one (1) year. The applicable price for the YLC for any given year is the price of the previous year plus the last percentage of increase applicable to the use of a DS Offering in a given country, as published at http://www.3ds.com/terms/price at least ninety (90) days before renewal date. However, such increase shall not exceed the increase which would have resulted from the revision of the price of the YLC according to the applicable price index since the date of the last price increase published by DS at http://www.3ds.com/terms/price for the related DS Offering. Termination of Support Services is not permitted without terminating the license of the DS Offering. 
 
 
LICENSING SCHEMES 
 
Concurrent (or Floating) Based. Use of a DS Offering in Concurrent Based mode is authorized for a maximum number of simultaneous 
uses. 
 
System License  is a license that enables specific DS Offerings (referred to for purposes of this definition only as “System DS Offering”) that work in conjunction with other DS Offerings which use a Concurrent or Token Based licensing scheme (referred to for purposes of this definition only as “Other DS Offerings”). One System License allows one or more Users to use a number of instances of the System DS Offering simultaneously on the License Server or on Machines with access to the License Server. The authorized number of instances of System DS Offerings which the Customer may use simultaneously is limited by the number of Concurrent licenses or Token Based licensed by the Customer for the Other DS Offerings that are used in conjunction with the System DS Offering. SIMULIA Abaqus Models with “site” in the DS Offering name utilize a System License. Geographic locations where System Licenses may be used are specified in the applicable Agreement and Transaction Document . 
 
Token Based. Certain DS Offerings contain a token based network license management system that regulates authorized use of the DS Offering. Such system controls the type and number of computation jobs, interactive sessions and/or interface products that may be run simultaneously. The number of required tokens shall be determined, as described in the Product Portfolio, by the type of computation being performed and the number of computer processing units or cores used in running the computation job. In case of new or renewal of any DS Offering, the required number of tokens may be changed in the event of modifications to such DS Offering. The use of a Token Based DS Offering may be subject to additional or different terms and conditions described in the Product Portfolio. Tokens may be required in addition to any other licensing scheme pursuant to which the use of a DS Offering is granted. 
 
 
6. TRADEMARKS 


 
Abaqus, 3DEXPERIENCE, the Compass logo and the 3DS logo, CATIA, SOLIDWORKS, ENOVIA, DELMIA, SIMULIA, GEOVIA, EXALEAD, 3D VIA, BIOVIA, NETVIBES, IFWE and 3DEXCITE are commercial trademarks or registered trademarks of Dassault Systèmes, a French “société européenne” (Versailles Commercial Register # B 322 306 440), or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. All other trademarks are owned by their respective owners. Use of any Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries trademarks is subject to their express written approval. 
 
DS Offerings and service names may be trademarks or service marks of Dassault Systèmes or its subsidiaries. 
 

