MAPLESOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENTTHE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY TO ALL SOFTWARE PRODUCTS LICENSED BY MAPLESOFT, A DIVISION OFWATERLOO MAPLE INC. (“MAPLESOFT’’), TO YOU (“YOU” OR “YOUR”, WHEN USED IN REFERENCE TO YOU) AS SET OUT INTHE ORDER CONFIRMATION ISSUED TO YOU BY MAPLESOFT OR BY A MAPLESOFT AUTHORIZED RESELLER, BEING ONE OF THEPARTNERS LISTED ON MAPLESOFT’S WEBSITE AT HTTP://WWW.MAPLESOFT.COM/CONTACT.NOTICE: THIS IS A CONTRACT. BEFORE YOU COMPLETE THE INSTALLATION AND ACTIVATIONPROCESS, CAREFULLY READ THIS AGREEMENT. BY CLICKING “I AGREE” AND/OR CLICKING THEAPPLICABLE BUTTON TO COMPLETE THIS PROCESS, YOU (BEING EITHER AN INDIVIDUAL OR ANENTITY. IN THE LATTER CASE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVECOMPLETING THIS PROCESS ON BEHALF OF AN INDIVIDUAL OR YOUR INSTITUTION) CONSENT TO THETERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BECOME A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT AND BE BOUND BY ALL OF ITS TERMSAND CONDITIONS, CLICK THE APPROPRIATE BUTTON TO CANCEL THIS PROCESS, DO NOT INSTALL,ACTIVATE OR USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING ANY ACCOMPANYING WRITTEN MATERIALS).PROVIDED THE SOFTWARE HAS NOT BEEN ACTIVATED AND IS RETURNED WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THEORIGINAL PURCHASE DATE, YOU WILL RECEIVE A REFUND OF THE PURCHASE PRICE LESS APROCESSING FEE THAT MAPLESOFT MAY CHARGE.IF YOU REQUIRE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT MAPLESOFT AS SET OUT AThttp://www.maplesoft.com/contact.1. DEFINITIONS.Each capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Schedule A to this Agreement.2. MAPLESOFT’S ORDER CONFIRMATION AND LICENSE TO YOU.YOU acknowledge that Maplesoft or a Maplesoft authorized reseller has provided to YOU an Order Confirmation settingforth, among other things, the Software ordered, the License Option, the Installation Type, the licensed number of usersentitled to use the Software, the term of the License and all contact information for YOU (including contact name, address,and email address). Unless YOU notify Maplesoft or a Maplesoft authorized reseller within 30 days of receipt of the OrderConfirmation that it is inaccurate, YOU shall be deemed to have confirmed the accuracy of the information and to haveaccepted the terms and conditions set out therein. YOU acknowledge and agree that the provisions of this Agreement shallapply to all Software licensed. Maplesoft reserves the right to vary the terms of this license from time to time in its solediscretion.3. ONLINE OR OFFLINE PRODUCT ACTIVATION.Depending upon the specific Software product licensed by YOU, pursuant to the Order Confirmation, the license rightsgranted herein may be conditional upon YOU supplying correct and accurate information required to activate the Softwarein the manner described during the installation process. If required by Maplesoft, YOU will need to activate the Softwarethrough the use of the Internet or by means other than through the use of the Internet, such as by telephone or email; tollcharges may apply. Product activation may require a one-time exchange of information between YOUR computer or YOURSite, as applicable, and Maplesoft to conduct an authentication process and confirm that YOU have a licensed copy of theSoftware. If Third Party Licensor software is utilized within the Software, additional requirements may apply. Maplesoftwill use the information received during the activation process from YOUR installation or computer only for activation andauthentication of the Software, customer service purposes, or for the purpose of Third Party Licensors, if applicable, unlessotherwise agreed by YOU in the activation sequence. YOU agree to allow the Software to conduct this authenticationprocess. YOU may visit Maplesoft’s website for more information. Maplesoft’s privacy policy can be found at:http://www.maplesoft.com/privacy.4. ELITE MAINTENANCE PROGRAM AND UPGRADES.YOU may acquire from Maplesoft the right to participate in Maplesoft’s Elite Maintenance Program (if applicable toYOUR selected License Options and Installation Types) as set out in the Order Confirmation. YOU may be entitled topurchase or receive from Maplesoft a license to use upgraded versions of the Software or supplemental Software (each, an“Upgrade’’) from time to time. YOU understand and agree that such Upgrades are made available by Maplesoft subject tothe terms and conditions of this License Agreement and YOU may be required to provide proof of YOUR Software licenseto which the Upgrade relates including verification of YOUR purchase code issued at the time of granting the applicableSoftware license. YOU shall not be required to return or destroy previous versions of the Software upon receiving theUpgrade. YOU may continue to use prior versions of the Software in addition to the Upgrade, provided that YOURaggregate use of such products does not exceed the number of permitted and licensed users under the terms of the applicableOrder Confirmation(s).5. YOUR LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE AND LICENSE DURATION.In consideration of payment of the Fee (in accordance with the applicable License Option and Installation Type) and YOURagreement to abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Maplesoft hereby grants to YOU, a limited, revocable,personal, non-transferable, nonexclusive license (the “License’”’) to install and use the Software solely on computer systemsowned or leased by YOU in accordance with the License Option and Installation Type acquired, solely for YOUR InternalUse or other applicable use as set out in Sections 6 and 7 below.Depending on the specific Software YOU are granted access to, the License Option, and Installation Type selected by YOU,the License term may be any one of the following as set out in the Order Confirmation:(a) Term License: YOU may purchase a license to use the Software for a specific term (a “Term License”). EachTerm License will expire automatically, immediately after the corresponding time period or term specified in theOrder Confirmation expires, unless YOU renew the License by remitting the then-current term-based Fee prior tosuch expiry date. YOU shall immediately cease all use of the Software at the expiry of the term and permanentlydelete such Software from its CPU or server, as applicable. YOU understand that the Software may beprogrammed to stop operating at the expiration of the licensed term (by a programmed determination and notthrough external communication or intervention). The Elite Maintenance Program for each Term License, if any,will also terminate automatically upon expiration of the License Term.(b) Perpetual Licenses: YOU may purchase a perpetual license to use the Software (a “Perpetual License”). APerpetual License shall entitle YOU to use the Software indefinitely, unless and until terminated by Maplesoft inaccordance with this Agreement. YOU understand and agree that the Elite Maintenance Program for eachPerpetual License, if any, will terminate automatically upon expiration of the initial Elite Maintenance Programterm. Thereafter, the Elite Maintenance Program term may be renewed for the Software upon payment at the then-applicable rates, as long as Maplesoft offers such Elite Maintenance Program, generally, for such Software.Maplesoft acknowledges that Perpetual License Software does not contain any code or device that will render itinoperable, upon expiration of any time period or upon any event.6. SOFTWARE LICENSE OPTIONS.At the time of purchase of this License, YOU must select any applicable License Option (which in all cases must includeone or more permitted Installation Types) from those offered by Maplesoft which shall be set out in the Order Confirmation.Additional rights, obligations, and restrictions apply to each License Option as set forth in this License Agreement. Byaccepting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, YOU also accept the terms and conditions respecting the applicableLicense Option. If the License Option is not specified by YOU at the time of YOUR original order, Maplesoft shalldetermine the License Option for YOU in its sole discretion. Maplesoft’s Order Confirmation for such Software shall bedeterminative. Under all License Options, YOU are responsible for YOUR permitted and licensed users use of the Softwareand for ensuring their compliance with this Agreement. The following represent permitted License Options:(a) Commercial License Option. This License Option gives YOU (a commercial individual or an Entitypurchasing this License Option for a commercial individual or institution) the right to use the Software forcommercial purposes. This License Option may use any of the Installation Types with no additional userestrictions save and except as set forth in the applicable Installation Type and as otherwise set forth inthis Agreement. This License Option may be granted as a Term License or as a Perpetual License. ThisLicense Option may include certain rights under the Home Use License Option as specified in YOUROrder Confirmation. If YOU are an Entity that purchases this License Option for a commercial user, YOUare also responsible for ensuring the commercial user complies with this License Agreement.(b) Academic License Option. This License Option gives YOU (an academic individual or an Entity(c)(d)purchasing this License Option for an academic individual or institution) the right to use the Softwareonly at an accredited Academic Institution or Other Educational Institution. Under the Academic LicenseOption, YOU may either select a Full Academic License or a Restricted Academic License, as follows:(i) Full Academic License. This License Option gives YOU the right to use the Software for (andrestricts YOUR use to) academic instruction, teaching and research only. This License Optionpermits any one of the Installation Types. Under this License Option, commercial Use of theSoftware is strictly prohibited. Under this License Option YOU are prohibited from grantingStudents Remote Access to the Software or installing the Software on a Student machine(whether owned by YOU or the Student) unless a separate license has been granted to YOU byMaplesoft in writing. This License Option may be granted as a Term License or as a PerpetualLicense. This License Option may include certain rights under the Home Use License Option asspecified in YOUR Order Confirmation.(ii) Restricted Academic License. This License Option gives YOU the right to use the Software for(and restricts YOUR use to) academic instruction and teaching only. Under this License Option,use of the Software for research or commercial use is strictly prohibited. Under this LicenseOption, YOU are prohibited from granting Students Remote Access to the Software or installingthe Software on a Student machine (whether owned by YOU or the Student) unless a separatelicense has been granted to YOU by Maplesoft in writing. This License Option may be grantedas a Term License or as a Perpetual License. This License Option may include certain rightsunder the Home Use License Option as specified in YOUR Order Confirmation.Optional Virtualization Distribution Rights: An Academic Institution may acquire from Maplesoft,upon written agreement, a right to grant Students, faculty, and staff Remote Access to the Software uponpayment of the applicable fee. In that case, the Academic Institution shall take appropriate action toensure that it only distributes such number of licenses to Students, faculty and/or staff as agreed to inwriting by Maplesoft in its Order Confirmation. YOU are responsible for ensuring each academic orstudent user complies with this License Agreement.Optional Academic Institution Distribution Rights: An Academic Institution may acquire fromMaplesoft, upon written agreement, a right to place orders for Software for its Students, faculty or staff,only for installation and use in accordance with the Student License Option or Home Use License Option,upon payment of the applicable fee. In that case, the Academic Institution shall take appropriate action toensure: (i) it only distributes such number of licenses to Students, faculty and/or staff as agreed to inwriting by Maplesoft in its Order Confirmation; and (ii) the Software (including this License Agreement)is delivered to each user at that Academic Institution intact such that the user of the Software must agreeto the terms and conditions of this Agreement as part of the installation and activation process. For greatercertainty, if YOU are an Entity that purchases this License Option for an academic user or institution,YOU are also responsible for ensuring each academic or student user complies with this LicenseAgreement.Student License Option. This License Option gives YOU (a Student or an Entity purchasing this LicenseOption for a Student) the right to permit the Student to use the Software on the Student’s personalcomputers only. This License Option permits only the Single User Installation Type and restricts use ofthe Software to Student Use only. Commercial, instruction, teaching and research purposes are notpermitted. This License Option may be granted as a Term License or as a Perpetual License; providedthat, on ceasing to be a Student, YOU may: (i) continue to use the Software only for personal and non-commercial use, or (ii) elect to convert the Student License into another License Option upon payment toMaplesoft of the applicable conversion fee, if any. If YOU are an Entity who purchases this LicenseOption for a student user, YOU are also responsible for ensuring the student user complies with thisLicense Agreement. Proper Student identification (as determined by Maplesoft, in its sole discretion) foreach Student is required for this License Option. Software purchased under a Student License Option willbe rendered inoperable if Student status is not validated prior to the expiration of the validation period setout in YOUR Order Confirmation.Graduate Student Research License Option. This License Option gives YOU (a Student or an Entitypurchasing this License Option for a Student) the right to permit the Student to use the Software on the(e)(f)(g)Student’s personal computers only. This License Option permits only the Single User Installation Typeand restricts use of the Software to Student Use and academic research by the Student only. Commercial,instruction, and teaching purposes are not permitted. This License Option may be granted as a TermLicense or as a Perpetual License; provided that, on ceasing to be a Student, YOU may: (i) continue to usethe Software only for personal and non-commercial use, or (ii) elect to convert the Graduate StudentResearch License into another License Option upon payment to Maplesoft of the applicable conversionfee, if any. If YOU are an Entity who purchases this License Option for a student user, YOU are alsoresponsible for ensuring the student user complies with this License Agreement.Home Use License Option. This License Option gives YOU (being an individual user or an Entitypurchasing this License Option for an individual user) the right to permit that user to use the Software atthe user’s personal residence. This License Option permits only the Single User Installation Type andrestricts use of the Software to use only at the user’s personal residence. This License Option is onlyavailable to YOU if annotated within YOUR Order Confirmation. Commercial use of the Software ispermitted only if the user’s employer has a Commercial Use License. Instructional/teaching and/orresearch use is only permitted if the user’s employer has purchased a Full Academic License or RestrictedAcademic License, as applicable. This License Option may be granted as a Term License or as aPerpetual License. YOU may elect to convert the Home Use License Option to another License Optionupon payment to Maplesoft of the applicable conversion fee, if any. If YOU are an Entity who purchasesthis License Option for an individual user, YOU are also responsible for ensuring the individual usercomplies with this License Agreement.Personal Edition License Option. This License Option gives YOU (being an individual user or an Entitypurchasing this License Option for an individual user) the right for that individual user to use the Softwarefor personal use. This License Option permits only the Single User Installation Type and requires that alluse of the Software be limited to personal use only. Use of the Software for commercial, instruction,teaching and research purposes are not permitted. This License Option may be granted as a Term Licenseor as a Perpetual License. YOU may elect to convert the Personal Edition License Option to anotherLicense Option upon payment to Maplesoft of the applicable conversion fee, if any. If YOU are an Entitythat purchases this License Option for an individual user, YOU are also responsible for ensuring theindividual user complies with this License Agreement.Evaluation License Option. Maplesoft may designate the Software as an “evaluation”, “trial license”, oranother similar designation (collectively, “Evaluation”). This License Option gives YOU the right to usethe software only during the evaluation period and only for purposes of evaluating the capabilities of thesoftware in order to make a purchasing decision. In addition, YOU are prohibited from using contentcreated using the Evaluation License after the end of the evaluation period, including, but not limited to,mathematical solutions, generated code, exported models, and interactive applications that can be usedwithout the Software, unless you obtain express written permission from Maplesoft.INSTALLATION TYPES.(a)At the time of purchase of this License, YOU must select the applicable Installation Types permitted by Maplesoft. Rights,obligations, and restrictions apply to each Installation Type as set forth below. By accepting the terms and conditions of thisAgreement, YOU also accept the applicable Installation Type. If the Installation Type is not specified by YOU at the timeof YOUR original order, Maplesoft shall determine the Installation Type for YOU in its sole discretion. Maplesoft’s OrderConfirmation for such Software shall be determinative. The Software may be installed by the following Installation Types:Single User Installation Type: This Installation Type gives YOU the right to install and operate theSoftware as follows:(i) for installations of Software for Student Use (being the Student License Option), home use(being the Home Use License Option), or personal use (being the Personal Edition LicenseOption), on one designated stand-alone node-locked personal computer that is owned, leased orcontrolled by YOU or the Student or individual user, as applicable, and(b)(c)(d)(e)(ii) in the case of all other License Options, up to two computers that are each owned, leased orcontrolled by YOU;Provided that the Software is only accessible to, and operated by YOU, the Student or an individual user,as applicable. The Software may be physically transferred from one computer to another owned, leased,or controlled by YOU or the Student or individual user, as applicable, but shall permanently delete theSoftware from the transferor computer such that the Software is installed on one computer only in the caseof a Student, home users (under the Home Use License Option) and personal users (under the PersonalEdition License Option) and otherwise on up to a maximum of two computers at any one time.Multi-User Installation Type — Non-Floating: This Installation Type gives YOU the right to use theSoftware from multiple, specific (non-floating) computers that YOU designate during the installation andactivation process, that are situated at one physical location. YOU may only use the Software on up to thedesignated number of computers noted in YOUR Order Confirmation. YOU may not transfer theSoftware to a different physical location. YOU may not provide Remote Access to the Software to usersbased in a different physical location. Use of the Software in a concurrent fashion (as set forth in Section7(c) below) is strictly prohibited under this Installation Type. Although YOU may receive Upgrades tofuture versions of the Software (as permitted under Maplesoft’s Elite Maintenance Program), the numberof computers where the Software can be accessed cannot exceed the number of licensed users specified inYOUR Order Confirmation.Multi-User Installation Type - Floating: This Installation Type gives YOU the right to use theSoftware from multiple, non-specific (floating) computers that YOU designate during the Installation andActivation process across one or more locations as set out in YOUR Order Confirmation that are owned,leased or controlled by YOU, provided that the total number of concurrent users does not exceed that setout in such Order Confirmation. YOU may have only as many users simultaneously operating theSoftware at any given time as permitted by the Order Confirmation. YOU are responsible for ensuringthat the total number of users of the Software at any one time does not exceed the number of userslicensed for the Software. YOU shall assign a central administrator the task of accurately counting andcontrolling the number of users allowed to access, install and administer the Software, including Upgradesto the Software, if applicable. Although YOU may receive Upgrades to the Software as permitted underMaplesoft’s Elite Maintenance Program, the number of users who can concurrently access the Software(whether an Upgrade or Software that has not been Upgraded) cannot exceed the number of usersspecified in YOUR Order Confirmation. All such users must be within one country.International Multi-User Installation Type - Floating: This Installation Type gives YOU the right touse the Software from multiple, non-specific (floating) computers that YOU designate during theInstallation and Activation process across one or more locations as set out in YOUR Order Confirmationthat are owned, leased or controlled by YOU, provided that the total number of concurrent users does notexceed that set out in such Order Confirmation. YOU may use the Software only from computers locatedin the countries specified in the Order Confirmation. YOU may have only as many users simultaneouslyoperating the Software at any given time as permitted by the Order Confirmation. YOU are responsiblefor ensuring that the total number of users of the Software at any one time does not exceed the number ofusers licensed for the Software. YOU shall assign a central administrator the task of accurately countingand controlling the number of users allowed to access, install and administer the Software, includingUpgrades to the Software, if applicable. Although YOU may receive Upgrades to the Software aspermitted under Maplesoft’s Elite Maintenance Program, the number of users who can concurrentlyaccess the Software (whether an Upgrade or Software that has not been Upgraded) cannot exceed thenumber of users specified in YOUR Order Confirmation.Core Installation Type: This Installation Type gives YOU the right to install, use and operate theSoftware on designated stand-alone node-locked computers (each a “CPU”) owned, leased or controlledby YOU as set out in the Order Confirmation, provided that YOU do not exceed the licensed number ofcores as specified in YOUR Order Confirmation. There is no limitation on the number of users that mayaccess and use the Software on cores, however certain technical limitations on use may apply based uponthe functionality or technical features of the core. All users must be within one country unless priorwritten consent for multi-country access is provided by Maplesoft.8. GENERAL LICENSE RESTRICTIONS.The License of all Software hereunder is subject to the express restrictions set forth below in addition to the restrictionsimposed by the applicable License Option, Installation Type and Order Confirmation. Without the express writtenpermission of Maplesoft, YOU shall not, and shall not permit any Third Party to:(a)(b)(c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h)@)(k)()reproduce, transmit, modify, adapt, translate or create any derivative work of, any part of the Software, inwhole or in part, except for any content developed by users in Maple Worksheets/Documents that are notpart of an electronic book Software product or as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement;reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the Software, create derivative works based on the Software,or otherwise attempt to gain access to its method of operation or source code;sell, license, sublicense, publish, display, distribute, disseminate, assign, or otherwise transfer (whether bysale, exchange, lease, rent, gift, loan, or otherwise) to a Third Party the Software, any copy or portionthereof, in whole or in part, on a temporary or permanent basis;use the Software for supporting Third Parties’ use of the Software, time share the Software to unlicensedThird Parties, or provide service bureau use, without Maplesoft’s prior written consent, except asexpressly set forth in Sections 8(k) and 8(1));use the Software in whole or in part, as part of an internet/intranet/extranet website or via other electroniccommunication distribution methods that facilitate access by an unlicensed Third Party, except for thecontent created using MapleNet and MapleSim Server as expressly set forth in Sections 8(k) and 8(1);provide access (directly or indirectly) to the Software via the web or internet application, or any file-sharing method or system, except as expressly set forth in Sections 8(k) and 8(1);alter, remove, or obscure any copyright, trade secret, patent, trademark, logo, proprietary and/or otherlegal notices on or in copies of the Software;use Maplesoft’s name, trade names, logos, or other trademarks of Maplesoft, or any of its Affiliates orLicensors, whether in written, electronic, or other form, without Maplesoft’s prior written consent;access or use Software that YOU are not currently licensed to access or to use;disclose the purchase codes and/or license file, if applicable, to a Third Party or allow them to be usedexcept for installation and use of the Software as provided herein;use the MapleNet Software except as follows: to deploy and deliver MapleNet enabled content through aproduction server owned, leased or controlled by YOU. Such content may be accessed by any Entitypermitted by the Order Confirmation, through YOUR Site, only in the form of MapleWorksheets/Documents, Maplets, HTML, JSP and other Java based applets (the “MapleNet Content”).YOU are prohibited from making available on YOUR Site any MapleNet Content and/or MapleNetapplications which are similar in functionality to, or competitive with, any Maplesoft Software (asdetermined by Maplesoft in its sole discretion). YOU are prohibited from using MapleNet as afundamental component of an online assessment or online learning system (as determined by Maplesoft atits sole discretion). YOU are further prohibited from making available MapleNet Content through anymeans other than Maple Worksheets/Documents, Maplets, HTML, JSP or, other Java based applets. AllMaplesoft Software used to develop or create MapleNet Content must be validly licensed from Maplesoft.YOU are permitted to provide access to MapleNet Content, but YOU may not sell, license or otherwisemake available MapleNet Content for commercial gain, which includes, but is not limited to, generatingrevenue by providing access to MapleNet or MapleNet Content by charging a subscription fee, servicefee, or any other form of transaction fee. MapleNet may be installed on the correct number of CPU cores,leased or controlled by YOU, and as set out in the Order Confirmation, provided that access to MapleNetis provided only through YOUR Site;use the MapleSim Server Software except as follows: to deploy and deliver MapleSim Server enabledcontent through a production server owned, leased or controlled by YOU. Such content may be accessedby any Entity permitted by the Order Confirmation, through YOUR Site, only in the form of MapleWorksheets/Documents (the “MapleSim Server Content”). YOU are prohibited from making available onYOUR Site any MapleSim Server Content and/or MapleSim Server applications which are similar infunctionality to, or competitive with, any Maplesoft Software (as determined by Maplesoft in its solediscretion). YOU are further prohibited from making available Content through any means other thanMaple Worksheets/Documents. All Maplesoft Software used to develop or create Content must be validlylicensed from Maplesoft. YOU are permitted to provide access to MapleSim Server Content, but YOUmay not sell, license or otherwise make available MapleSim Server Content for direct commercial gain,which includes, but is not limited to, generating revenue by providing access to MapleSim or MapleSimContent by charging a subscription fee, service fee, or any other form of transaction fee. MapleSimServer may be installed on the correct number of CPU cores, leased or controlled by YOU, and as set outin the Order Confirmation, provided that access to MapleSim Server is provided only through YOUR Site;(m) sell, license, or sublicense derivative works based on code generated by the Software to a Third Party forcommercial purposes, without Maplesoft’s prior written consent.9. RETENTION OF RIGHT, TITLE AND INTEREST.Maplesoft does not sell any rights in and to the Software, but rather grants the right to use the Software pursuant to theterms of this Agreement. If the Software is delivered to YOU on physical media, YOU shall own only the physical media onwhich the Software is recorded. The Software shall at all times remain the property of Maplesoft and/or Maplesoft’sLicensors, as applicable, and YOU shall have no right, title, or interest therein, except as expressly set forth in thisAgreement. Any and all modifications, enhancements, improvements, changes and derivative works to Maplesoft Softwarecreated by Maplesoft or YOU shall be the sole intellectual property of Maplesoft. Maplesoft exclusively reserves all rightsnot explicitly granted herein.10. THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.Maplesoft may, from time to time, distribute software or other intellectual property licensed to Maplesoft by a Third PartyLicensor (the “Third Party IP”) which may form part of the Software. If applicable, such Third Party IP shall be madeavailable to YOU pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. In the event any additional terms and conditionsare imposed upon the use of such Third Party IP, the applicable terms and conditions shall be made available to YOU byMaplesoft or such Third Party Licensor in the purchase, activation and/or installation processes of the applicable Softwareand are incorporated into this License by reference. YOU may be required to provide a Third Party Licensor withinformation and audit rights in order to authenticate such software use and/or to calculate royalty payments.11. ANTI-PIRACYSoftware piracy is illegal and Maplesoft reserves the right to take all legal steps to stop piracy of their products and pursuethose who take part in these activities. As part of these anti-piracy efforts, the Software may contain security mechanismsintended to detect the installation or use of illegal copies of the Software. If an illegal copy is detected, the Software maycollect and transmit network, device, usage, user, and other data relating to the installation or use of those illegal copies, toMaplesoft and/or their agents. Such data may include, but is not limited to, host name, username, device ID, IP address, Wi-Fi access point information, email address, and information about usage of the software. Maplesoft and/or their agents mayuse this information to identify and contact users of illegal copies of the Software in order to bring them into licensecompliance. This data collection is not performed on the users of legally licensed software from Maplesoft or its authorizeddistributors.12, TERMINATION.(a) Termination on Notice. Maplesoft may terminate this Agreement if YOU fail to comply with anyprovision of this Agreement upon written notice to YOU.(b) Obligations upon Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement:(i) all rights and licenses to the Software and all obligations of Maplesoft hereunder shall terminate.Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event this Agreement is terminated by Maplesoft due toYOUR failure to pay when due Fees and/or a breach of this Agreement by any YOU, then onlythe licenses granted corresponding to such unpaid Fees shall terminate;(ii) YOU shall immediately discontinue use of the Software immediately and certify in writing toMaplesoft that all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, in any form, have either beenreturned to Maplesoft or destroyed;(iii) Maplesoft may elect to continue or terminate YOUR purchase order then pending for whichgpayment has not yet been received and Software has not been delivered; and(iv) except as otherwise stated herein, all payments made by YOU to Maplesoft hereunder are non-refundable.(c) Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, Sections 8, 9, 10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 19, 20, 20and 21 shall survive termination of this Agreement. All other rights and licenses granted hereunder willcease upon termination.13. FEES AND PAYMENT TERMS.The License Fee payable by YOU shall be the amount set forth in the applicable Order Confirmation, invoice or Webpurchase confirmation, as the case may be. All payments shall be non-refundable except as otherwise expressly provided inthis Agreement. All Fees payable by YOU to Maplesoft shall be paid in the currency set forth in the accepted OrderConfirmation within 30 days of the date of such document unless otherwise agreed to by Maplesoft in writing. Any amountsdue Maplesoft under this Agreement not received by Maplesoft by the date due shall be subject to a service charge of oneand one half percent (1 1/2%) per month, being eighteen percent (18%) per annum, or the maximum charge permitted bylaw, whichever is less.14. TAXES, DUTIES, CUSTOMS.Absent appropriate exemption certificates or other conclusive proof of tax exempt status, YOU shall pay all applicablesales, use, excise, value-added, and other taxes, duties, levies, assessments, and governmental charges payable in connectionwith this Agreement or the Licenses granted hereunder (excluding taxes based on or measured by Maplesoft’s income, forwhich Maplesoft shall be solely responsible). When Maplesoft has the legal obligation to collect such taxes, the appropriateamount shall be due upon invoice to YOU. YOU shall hold Maplesoft harmless from all claims and liability arising fromYOUR failure to pay any such taxes, duties or charges.15. LIMITED WARRANTY.Maplesoft warrants that the physical media, if any, on which the Software is recorded is free from defects in materials andworkmanship under normal use and service for a period of thirty (30) days (the “Return Period”) from the date of deliveryto YOU. If such a defect exists and YOU are within the Return Period, YOU may return the entire package, includingpackaging, postage prepaid with a copy of the invoice to Maplesoft at the address below (or if the Software wasdownloaded, permanently delete and destroy all copies of the Software and certify such deletion and destruction toMaplesoft by written or electronic communication), and Maplesoft, at its option, shall either (a) return the purchase price or(b) replace the media. If failure of the media has resulted from accident, abuse, or misapplication, Maplesoft shall have noresponsibility whatsoever to refund the purchase price or replace the media. In the event of replacement of the media, thereplacement media will be warranted for the remainder of the original warranty period or thirty (30) days, whichever is thelonger. Except as set out in this Agreement, this remedy is YOUR exclusive remedy for a breach of warranty, and isMaplesoft’s (or any of its affiliated corporations and their respective directors, officers, employees or shareholders) entireliability and only warranty made with respect to the Software.Any claims made by YOU for the breach of a warranty, shall be made in writing and delivered to Maplesoft at the addressset forth herein, and YOU shall provide Maplesoft a reproducible test case, if applicable, demonstrating the breach ofwarranty.Maplesoft does not warrant that the Software will meet YOUR requirements, be error free, or operate without interruptions.YOU acknowledge that the Software operates in an environment that includes software and hardware of Third Partyvendors and that Maplesoft does not control the products of Third Party vendors. YOU further acknowledge that YOU arepossessed with superior knowledge with respect to YOUR operations and have relied upon YOUR own skill and judgmentin selecting and licensing the Maplesoft Software. YOU further acknowledges that the Software is not fault-tolerant and isnot designed, manufactured, or intended for use or resale as on-line control equipment in hazardous environments requiringfail safe performance in which the failure of the Software could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical orenvironmental damage (“High Risk Activities”). Accordingly, Maplesoft, Third Party Licensors and its suppliersspecifically disclaim any express or implied warranty of fitness for High Risk Activities. YOU agree that Maplesoft and itssuppliers and Third Party Licensors will not be liable for any claims or damages arising from the use of the Software in suchapplications.16. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY.Maplesoft warrants to YOU that the Software will not infringe any registered patent, copyright, trademark or trade secretright or other intellectual property right of a third party resident in Canada or the United States (collectively, the “IPRights”). Maplesoft shall hold YOU harmless from costs, losses, damages and liability which may be incurred on accountof a finding of infringement of IP Rights by the Software by a court of competent jurisdiction, and Maplesoft shall, at itsown expense, defend all claims, suits or actions alleging such infringement of IP Rights, against YOU, provided thatMaplesoft (i) is promptly notified of such claims, suits and actions, (ii) given all evidence in YOUR possession, and (iii)given reasonable assistance by YOU in, and sole control of, the defence thereof and all negotiations for its settlement orcompromise. In the event of such a claim of infringement of IP Rights, Maplesoft’s obligation under this Agreement shallbe fulfilled if Maplesoft: (1) obtains a license for YOU to continue the use the Software, or (ii) replaces or modifies theSoftware so as to be commercially substantially equal but non-infringing, provided, however, that if none of these optionsare reasonably available to Maplesoft, then upon written request by Maplesoft, YOU shall return the Software andMaplesoft will refund the Fees paid for the Software. The indemnification under this Section shall not apply to any claim ofinfringement of IP Rights which may be brought resulting from (1) any unauthorized use of the Software; (2) any use of theSoftware in a manner for which the Software was not designed or in combination with any other product, whichcombination is the cause of the IP infringement; (3) any unauthorized modifications to the Software made by YOU; (4) anywilful act by YOU contrary to the terms of the License; or (5) any settlement or compromise incurred or made by YOUwithout Maplesoft’s prior written consent. The above states the entire liability of Maplesoft with respect to infringement ofIP Rights by the Software and is in lieu of all warranties, express, implied or statutory, in regard thereto.17. LIMITED LIABILITY.OTHER THAN AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT HEREIN AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BYAPPLICABLE LAWS, THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY ORCONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDINGBUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO ORAL OR WRITTEN INFORMATION OR ADVICE GIVENBY MAPLESOFT, ITS AFFILIATES, DEALERS, RESELLERS OR DISTRIBUTORS, SHALL CREATE AWARRANTY OR IN ANY WAY INCREASE THE SCOPE OF THIS WARRANTY. YOU ASSUME THE ENTIRERISK AS TO THE USE AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION IN TERMS OFCORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, CURRENTNESS, OR OTHERWISE. WITHOUT LIMITINGTHE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, IN NO EVENT SHALL MAPLESOFT, ITS AGENTS OR ANYONEELSE WHO HAS BEEN INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DELIVERY OF THESOFTWARE AND/OR DOCUMENTATION BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANYDIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDINGWITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF REVENUES OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION,TESTING INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THEUSE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, THE INSTALLATION AND ACTIVATION OF THESOFTWARE, THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE FAILURE OF EQUIPMENT RELATED TOYOUR COMPUTER OR DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER, SOFTWARE OR OTHER PROPERTYRESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF MAPLESOFT OR ITS AGENTS HAVE BEENADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE OR CLAIM, OR IT IS FORESEEABLE. BECAUSESOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FORCONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU INSUCH A CASE. MAPLESOFT’S MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED THEAMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION SHALL APPLYWHETHER OR NOT THE ALLEGED BREACH OR DEFAULT IS A BREACH OF A FUNDAMENTALCONDITION OR TERM. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON DURATION OF ANIMPLIED WARRANTY, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.18. SECURE INFORMATION AND PRIVACY.(a) Neither Maplesoft, nor its suppliers nor partners, warrant or represent that any data stored by the Softwareis held securely against loss or unauthorized access.(b) Where YOU disclose Personal Information to Maplesoft, YOU represent, warrant, and covenant that:(i) YOU are solely and exclusively responsible for the collection, accuracy or completeness ofPersonal Information disclosed, or provided, to Maplesoft, whether such Personal Informationwas generated directly by YOU or through an agent employed by YOU;(ii) all Personal Information disclosed to Maplesoft has been collected and disclosed in accordancewith all applicable laws pertaining to the Personal Information in question, and where applicable,all applicable consents to disclose to Maplesoft or, more generally, a service provider to YOU,have been obtained from the individual(s) whose Personal Information is provided;(iii) YOU grant to Maplesoft the right to use the Personal Information for any purpose associatedwith the provision of its Elite Maintenance Program (if applicable) to YOU; and(iv) YOU will identify an individual, employed or otherwise authorized by YOU, to respond toenquiries concerning any Personal Information provided to Maplesoft and to promptly address allenquiries concerning such information.(c) Maplesoft’s privacy policy can be found at http://www.maplesoft.com/privacy.19. INDEMNITY.YOU agree to indemnify and hold Maplesoft and any Third Party Licensors harmless from and against any loss, liability,cost, expense or damage (including reasonable legal fees) arising directly or indirectly out of any claim, suit action orjudgment brought against Maplesoft or its Affiliates related to any act or omission by YOU relating to the Software,including but not limited to the provision by YOU of any products or services, any representations, warranties or covenantsmade by YOU, any failure by YOU to comply with any of the terms of this Agreement, or violation by YOU of anyprovincial, state, federal, foreign, or other laws or regulations or any third party rights.20. COMPLIANCE AND AUDIT RIGHTS.During the duration of this Agreement and for two (2) years after its expiration or termination, YOU will maintain accuraterecords of YOUR use of the Software sufficient to show compliance with the terms of this Agreement. YOU agree to notifyMaplesoft promptly of any failure by YOU to comply with one or more licenses granted under this Agreement, or anyfailure to comply with any other material term of this Agreement. To confirm YOUR compliance with the terms andconditions of this Agreement, YOU agree to allow a Third Party auditor appointed by Maplesoft or by a Third PartyLicensor (if applicable) (the “Auditor’”) to audit YOUR use of the Software, and to provide the Auditor access to YOURfacilities, Sites, CPUs and computer systems, and cooperation from YOUR employees and consultants, as reasonablyrequested by the Auditor in order to perform such audit, all during normal business hours, and after reasonable prior noticefrom Auditor. If an audit discloses that YOU has failed to comply with one or more licenses, and such failure to complycould have in part or in whole been avoided by YOU having paid additional Fees to expand the scope of the license orlicenses, then YOU shall promptly pay Maplesoft or the Third Party Licensor, as the case may be, such licensing fees (atpayee’s then current rates) and, if such unpaid License Fees exceed 5% of the License fees paid for the applicable Softwareduring the applicable period during which such underpayment occurred, then YOU shall, in addition to paying the unpaidFees, also reimburse Maplesoft or the Third Party Licensor, as the case may be, the full cost of such audit.21. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS.(a) Export Controls. The Software is subject at all times to all applicable export control laws and regulationsof Canada in force from time to time. YOU agree that YOU shall not make any disposition of theSoftware purchased or licensed from Maplesoft that would violate those laws or regulations or would be(b)(c)(d)(e)(f)(g)(h)contrary to the terms of this Agreement.Federal Acquisition. This Software is a commercial product that has been developed exclusively atprivate expense or with public funds from sources other than the United States Government. If thisSoftware and Documentation is acquired directly or indirectly on behalf of a unit or agency of the UnitedStates Government under the terms of (i) a United States Department of Defense contract, then pursuantto DOD FAR Supplement 227.7202-3(a), the United States Government shall only have the rights setforth in this License Agreement; or (ii) a civilian agency contract, then use, reproduction, or disclosure issubject to the restrictions set forth in FAR clause 27.405(b)(2)(i), entitled Acquisition of ExistingComputer Software, and any restrictions in the agency's FAR supplement and any successor regulationsthereto, and the restrictions set forth in this License Agreement. If this Agreement and the licenses hereinfail to meet the United States Government’s needs or are inconsistent in any respect with U.S. federalprocurement law, the government agrees to return the Software, unused, to Maplesoft.For European Union Users Only. Any contractual provisions of this Agreement contrary to lawsimplemented under Article 6 of Appendix V of the European Union Software Directive or to theexceptions provided for in Article 5(2) and (3) of such Appendix, as amended from time to time, shall benull and void solely to the extent decompiling, disassembling, or otherwise reverse-engineering of theSoftware is necessary to enable YOU to create an independent software that is interoperable with theSoftware or any other permitted objectives specified by such laws implemented under such directive(collectively, the “Permitted Objectives”), provided that any such information gained is used solely forsuch Permitted Objectives.Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the Province of Ontario, Canada and, if theSoftware was acquired within Canada, each of the parties hereto irrevocably attorns to the exclusivejurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario without regard to conflicts of laws principles. If theSoftware was acquired outside Canada, each of the parties hereto irrevocably attorns to the non-exclusivejurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario; provided that YOU agree that any claim or actionbrought by YOU shall be commenced in the courts of the Province of Ontario. The parties agree that theUnited Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to thisAgreement.Successors and Assigns. These terms and conditions inure to the benefit of and shall be binding upon,our respective heirs, successors or permitted assigns. YOU shall not assign this Agreement.Invalidity of Terms. If any of these terms and conditions are found by a court of competent jurisdictionto be invalid, the parties hereto nevertheless agree that the court should endeavour to give effect to theparties’ intentions as reflected in such term or condition, and the other terms and conditions shall remainin full force and effect.Acknowledgement. YOU acknowledge that YOU have read this Agreement, an Addendum thereto andlimited warranty, understood them, and agrees to be bound by their terms and conditions. YOU also agreethat this Agreement and the applicable Addenda hereto is the complete and exclusive agreement betweenYOU and Maplesoft with respect to the Software, and supersedes all prior agreements, representations andany other communications, oral or written, between YOU and Maplesoft relating to the subject matter ofthe Agreement including, without limitation, any warranties with respect to the Software. This Agreementmay only be amended by written agreement of both parties.Entire Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed to by Maplesoft in writing, this Agreement (including allterms incorporated herein by reference) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties pertaining tothe subject matter hereof and supersedes all agreements, understandings, negotiations and discussions,whether oral or written, of the Parties and there are no warranties, representations or other agreementsbetween the Parties in connection with the subject matter hereof except as specifically set forth herein.SCHEDULE A: DEFINITIONSThe following terms shall have the following meanings.“Academic Institution” means a degree-granting educational institution utilizing the Software for academic purposes only,as per the Order Confirmation.“Affiliate” means, with respect to a party to this Agreement, any individual or Entity which, directly or indirectly controls,is controlled by, or is under common control with such party. The term “control” means possession, direct or indirect, of thepower to direct or cause the direction of the management of policies of a person or Entity; whether through ownership orequity participation, voting securities, beneficial interest, contract, agreement or otherwise.“Documentation” means the user guides, study guides and other documentation made available by Maplesoft from time totime, whether or not made available in connection with the delivery of the Software, as may be updated from time to time.Documentation may be delivered in printed and/or online forms, and in one or more languages.“Entity” means a corporation, an association, a joint venture, a partnership, a trust, a business, an individual, an ITprofessional, an academic institution, including an agency, or any organization that can exercise independent legal standing.“Elite Maintenance Program” means the services rendered by Maplesoft to YOU as described atwww.maplesoft.com/emp.“Fee” means the fee payable to Maplesoft by YOU as set out in the Order Confirmation for the Software and, if specificallyidentified on the Order Confirmation the Elite Maintenance Program.“Internal Use” means the use of the Software by YOU, if YOU are an individual and otherwise (as applicable and to theextent permitted in this Agreement) by YOUR Afffiliate’s employees, teaching assistants, student interns, and contractors(provided that in the case of contractors, such contractors are engaged by YOU or YOUR Affiliate to discharge their dutiesonly on YOUR premises).“License” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.“License Option” means the specific rights, restrictions, and obligations under which YOU may install and use theSoftware pursuant to this Agreement, including those related to the permitted Installation Type(s) associated with theLicense Option acquired, as selected in the Order Confirmation.“MapleNet” means MapleNet™ Software enabling YOU (or users accessing MapleNet through YOUR Site) to deploy anddeliver MapleNet enabled content through a Core or Cores (as per the Order Confirmation) owned, leased or controlled byYOU.“MapleSim Server” means MapleSim Server Software enabling YOU (or users accessing MapleSim Server throughYOUR Site) to deploy and deliver MapleSim Server enabled content through a Core or Cores (as per the OrderConfirmation) owned, leased or controlled by YOU.“Maplets” means the applet interface to be used by users of YOUR Site to obtain or deliver mathematical calculationsfrom and/or to the MapleNet™ Software, including, but not limited to web browsers, Java programs, or other software,provided that the interface shall not be a graphical user interface product known as the “Maple Worksheet / Document”, assame may be enhanced, modified or improved from time to time.“Maple Worksheets / Documents” means an electronic document produced and displayed by Maplesoft with allcapabilities and attributes imparted to it by the Software.“Other Educational Institutions” means secondary schools, colleges, vocational institutes and/or other non-commercialeducational institutions offering recognised courses of study or leading to an accredited diploma. A commercial user of theSoftware may, at Maplesoft’s sole discretion, be deemed to be an “Other Educational Institution” to the extent that theSoftware is used by such commercial user solely for non-commercial internal training and seminars provided to itscustomers and staff.“Order Confirmation” means a document issued by Maplesoft or a Maplesoft authorized reseller to confirm the terms ofYOUR purchase configuration including, without limitation, Software ordered, License Option, Installation Type, and thenumber of Licensed users (Non-Floating or Floating) entitled to use the Software. Order Confirmation forms may varydepending upon the type of purchase and shall include, without limitation, a Maplesoft invoice or web-store confirmation.“Personal Information” means any information, recorded, in any form, about an identified individual, including users atYOUR institution or other individuals, or an individual whose identity may be inferred or determined from the information,but does not include any information about more than one individual where the identity of the individuals is not known andcannot be inferred from the information.“Remote Access” means application virtualization or the ability to log into the Software or access the Software or any partthereof via the internet through services such as Citrix license key sharing or similar services.“Software” means the computer software, toolboxes, electronic books or other products and Documentation delivered andlicensed hereunder, including enhancements and error corrections. Each product from Maplesoft is a separate item ofSoftware and shall be licensed individually hereunder, all as more specifically set out in the applicable Order Confirmation.“Site” means a privately or publicly accessible intranet, extranet or internet website owned or exclusively licensed to YOUfor use by YOUR users only.“Student” means: (i) a full-time or part-time undergraduate student who is either working toward a degree or a diploma inan Academic Institution and actively enrolled therein at the material time; (11) a student registered in a continuing orprofessional education program of an accredited institution; (iii) a student enrolled in a high school, vocational institute orother accredited institution; or (iv) any person endorsed by an accredited institution as being a student. Students may beenrolled on campus or in distance education courses. Maplesoft shall determine whether or not an institution is “accredited”,in its sole discretion. Students are required to provide applicable proof of their Student designation, either at time ofpurchase or afterward as directed by Maplesoft in its sole discretion.“Student Prices” means the discounted prices at which Maplesoft offers the Software licenses herein to Students forStudent Use.“Student Use” means the installation and use of the Software by a Student in accordance with the Student License Optionand applicable Installation Type acquired, only for the purpose of meeting classroom requirements of courses, self-studyand personal research. For greater certainty, Student Use shall exclude use as an employee or otherwise for commercialgain, instruction, teaching, and commercial or academic research.“Third Party” means any person or legal entity that is not Maplesoft, YOU, or an Affiliate.“Third Party Licensor” means the person who, or entity which, grants a license to Maplesoft to redistribute that person’sor entity’s intellectual property, as the case may be, as set out on Maplesoft’s website.“YOU or YOUR” means the Entity or Entities to whom Maplesoft grants the License herein and who is responsible forcomplying with the contractual obligations of the License and ensuring that anyone permitted access to the Softwarethrough YOU, also complies with such obligations.20200210